## Origin data
This folder holds the data in its most primitive form. The doc folder stores document-type raw data, the graph folder stores graph type raw data generated by *LDBC-SNB*, and the relation folder stores additional information of the person table in graph data. We shared the data using Microsoft OneDrive serve. You can download data at https://1drv.ms/f/s!AtJRbsLESJpFi3Fu_Nj12ltrZj_e.
### doc data
The document data contains six data tables and is stored directly in the doc folder. To facilitate building graph type relationships from document data stores in other databases, you can think of tables as vertices and use the *genEdge.py* script in the *doc/python/* folder to generate edge data. And one can also use the *toJson.py* script to make data tables in JSON fromat.
### graph data
The graph data is generated from LDBC-SNB, or you can download the graph data which we generated and put it into *graph/csv/* folder. To get correct format of data, you should execute csvToTbl.py file in *graph/python/* folder to generate files called *.tbl which remove the first row in the *.csv files. The generated files are placed under the graph/tbl/ folder.
For better performance, you need to split the organization and place tables into university table, city table and country table as well as the edge table that contains them. We have implemented the split function which stored in *graph/python/* forder.
### relation data
Relational data includes *person.tbl* and *person.csv*. The two files have the same data, only the format is different. And we have put the additional information for the person table in the relation folder.
